Alright! So I'm going to go ahead and
review the assignment. And just to recap
we're creating a data model. Basically,
Plain Old Java Objects that we're gonna
use for binding, coming up in the class.
So what we're gonna do is set up these
POJOs and we'll use Spring Boot, which is
going to under the covers use Jackson to
bind the JSON response from the web
service to our Java objects. And what we
wanna do is set up these Java objects.
So, let's go over to postman and take a
look at this. So the data, that we wanna
look at, so we're getting back a JSON
object with data in it. And right here is
what we wanna call a user object. So,
this area that I'm highlighting is the
JSON that we wanna convert to a user
object. You can see that's got an
embedded objects like name, location,
login, job, and billing. These are all
embedded objects that we wanna have
Java classes for. So we're gonna create a
POJO data model for it. And i'm going to
copy this right now. Saying a command C
and postman. And let's slide this over.
And come up to Chrome. And I am going to
cheat here because I don't wanna type
all that out. And I did a quick Google
search and found a JSON to POJO
generator and actually it kind of works
pretty good. So we just come in here, and
paste in our data. And then, we
got in here guru.springframework.api.domain.
Just like the assignment.
And we got a class name of User and the
source type is JSON, not JSON Schema,
but JSON. And I'm not gonna use any
annotations even though we're using
Jackson not Jackson 2 under the covers.
Right now, I'm not gonna add any
annotations. Jackson does a pretty good
job of binding. And I'm gonna work
through that and when we get to that
point we'll see how Jackson does. And if
we run into any problems, we'll actually
go in and take that as a learning
opportunity to work with Jackson a
little bit closer. So let's see here. No
more options there. I'm just gonna leave
these two
mostly defaults. And then if we do a
preview. We can see these are the Java
classes that's gonna create. And if I
come down here. Do a zip. Now, I can
download that. And I'm gonna jump
ahead now and show you this inside of
IntelliJ. Now jumped ahead, you can
see that I am on the Git branch data-model. And here, we have the Billing.
Actually, let's take a look at the User.
And it an implements a Serializable, which is
exactly what we want. A case we want
serializes class. And we can see that we
have all the getters and setters there.
This is all generated for us, based on
the Json, that we gave the tool. And we
can see that we've set up, like we just
click into Location. So you can see that.
Come back to User. We have that Login
object. So we have a number of different
things there. So all this was generated
for us and we are all set to go. So I'm
gonna check this into GitHub. And
coming up in the course, we are gonna
use this with RestTemplate to bind that
response coming back from that API
that we've been exercising.